In the article, "Value Slips Away", Ryan John King and Ekaterina Zavyalova talk about a specific art piece known as "Foamspace."
"Foamspace" is an interactive piece where large pieces of EPS Geofoam is placed around a small part of the city and passerbyers 
can interact with the pieces by sitting or walking pass them. It was displayed during the 2015 IDEAS City Festival in New York.
The material is known for being an insulator and filling for architecture, resulting in its title as being invisible. The foam 
pieces are set up in a way that is supposed to reflect the concept of a blockchain. According to King and Zavyalova, blockchaining
is a concept that records all activity on a network while enabling cryptocurrency as a way to offer a decentralized 
and mobile means to track, store and distribute information about economic value and exchange. In addition, it is also used as 
a financial and spatial tool to run a business.

As mentioned in the article the piece "Foamspace" had an app known as "wallet" was created to give out a unique address and a 
Foamspace Coin if the user signs up for a membership. The coin can be traded and exchanged through the network. In addition, the 
digital wallet also scripted a small transaction fee to their users with their consent. The idea attracted a lot of attention, but
at the same time it only attracted people who were interested in the idea of Foamspace coins. After being displayed, the pieces 
were then sold or stored away, depending on the condition. It created a new method for making a functional business in 
architecture value while being to make money through networks, resulting in common business practices today.

Blockchaining is something that isn't new in concept, but how its executed is what makes the concept shine. Little do we know that 
no matter where we go or what we do, there will always be methods for companies to get money from us. It's a very common 
in app games and brand names. In games, the player would usually pay money for more chances at limited offers or to proceed through 
the game. When it comes to brand named objects, we usually have the tendency to buy them, mostly likely to keep up with the latest 
trends. These are just a few example of blockchain, but it is unavoidable. It's practically a part of out daily lives now. Whether 
we like it or not, blockchain will keep developing ways to earn a financial amount from us. As more and more ideas for 
blockchaining are being developed, now with better technology and practices.
