Fraudulent, misstatement, falsification, just to protect one's intellectual property, things get fake. Fake and filthy enough to spread the news over the world.
Nowadays, fake news is circulating around the globe ostentatiously, even causing fear to its intended audiences. They are published on various social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Reddit and many other websites. Additionally, individuals who create fake news are commonly experts who know how to manipulate and gain the attention of people towards their articles or videos they broadcast. However, not all news is fake on social media websites. The obvious method is spreading all sorts of fake information throughout multiple social media platforms, since they are presently the most advanced communication platforms that exist in this generation. In comparison to traditional media such as: magazines, newspapers, televisions, and radios; social media platforms have attained the top place in terms of the manifestation of fake news. Furthering, the reason why fake news is created could be done as a form of activism, confronting or supporting political issues, for monetization, or even for fame and reputation. 
Can fake news cause harm to the public? The answer is presumably yes if you are one of the targeted audiences, who browse on some bogus articles on social media. Some widespread fraudulent news may cause revolts, followed by causing harm to the public, especially if it has been applied to political issues. The most common, are disturbances amongst political parties or even between democrats and republicans. Protestation and riots may occur, which can then lead to several serious and harmful circumstances. In the past months, during the election days, the term "Fake news" has become popular and is considered to be a threat to the government. On November 27th, President Trump announces the "Fake News Trophy," that was published in the New York Post article. The President responded to the post through Twitter, his most utilized social media website. He stated, "We should have a contest as to which of the Networks, plus CNN and not including Fox, is the most dishonest, corrupt and/or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite President(me)" according to author Fredericks. This statement was posted with thoroughgoing sarcasm by the president to CNN as a manner of retribution towards what they posted on President Trump during the election. It was the moment that "Fake News" became the headline in most news networks' articles, especially on various social media websites. 
Besides, social media websites such as Twitter often uses bots as a mean to post falsified images as well as paid advertisements on Facebook pages. On other social media platform such as YouTube, there are fabricated videos declaring that serious terror attacks are hoaxes, but eventually turns out to be real news. These cases are somewhat part of those social media websites themselves and are not considered concrete sources. Facebook, as one of the most used social media platform, is currently losing some of its members since Snapchat is taking over because of its leading user performance. One of the reasons is obviously the fake news they proclaim. For instance, "after the Las Vegas massacre, Travis McKinney's Facebook feed was hit with a scattershot of conspiracy theories," as mentions by Benedict Carey, editor of The New York Times. She follows by saying that "the police were lying, there were multiple shooters in the hotel, not just one and they were covering for casino owners to preserve their business." This is how things get fake, just to protect one's property. Another reason is monetization, "during the 2016 presidential campaign, Facebook sold more than $100,000 worth of contents" and that includes ads as well as fake messages just to manipulate the public.


Fake news can further be described as an epidemic. Once it has been in contact with the public, it will keep on spreading until it gets fully exposed or resolved. Most misleading news are omnipresent and observant in distinguishing and difficult to circumvent them; however, some people become sensitive and emotionally concerned without trying to understand if the news is factual or not. Social media websites are reasonably not ideal methods for looking up news, especially, since people simply browse through them by merely reading the headlines. It is better for people to act intelligently to gather analytical data from various sources, particularly from references that have the best records of trustworthiness journalism.

	Online news has become a new way to learn about the latest events going on in the world. Access to news articles has become easier than ever, thanks to being able to find information online. In addition, lots of news articles have been moved to social media sites, such as Facebook and Twitter. But what exactly qualifies as quality news and news that spout nonsense? With the help of a system called monetization, posting news has been easier. As a result, a lot of fake news articles have become viral for many viewers all over the Internet. Fake news articles are just as they sound, they are articles that sound like news, but with no given proof. These news articles make money depending on the amount of views. Since viewers can’t tell the difference between fake news and real news, the fake news begin to manipulate the audience into believing it. Monetizing news on social media has become a common practice to get attention and money, while it manipulates the viewers into believing it, however it is said that blockchain can help reduce these type of news.
	When searching the web, there’s always something that’s going to catch the attention of the viewers. One of those things that catch the viewers’ attention is fake news. According to the article, News in an Online World: The Need for an “Automatic Crap Detector”, the authors Yimin Chen, Niall J. Conroy, and Victoria L. Rubin states that “the current state of online information is one of overload with many competing sources of varying quality…” Online news is practically everywhere. It is shown on websites and has been pushed on to the social media. With the use of online resources like’s social media, fake news is one of the easiest things to be found one social media. In fact, a lot of this type of news can be shared and sponsored through with the use of monetizing. Monetizing news articles can make access to fake news articles easy. According to the authors, Chen, Conroy and Rubin mentioned that, “the online media economy is largely based around monetization of “views” through advertising revenue.” Using monetization makes the sponsors for these news articles very appealing to look at. Images, large headlines and even have all caps, just to grab the attention of the viewers. However, fake news can also behave like regular news articles. The differences of the articles are so subtle that someone might not be able to tell the difference. Any news about the government or the president is some of the common topics for fake news. Since political news is the easiest to go viral online, a lot of fake news sites cater to this type of news to make revenue. An article called, The Dark Side of Display: How “Fake News” Sites Monetize their Content, the author Bradley Nickel mentions how these sites monetize their content so easily. He mentions that” the best strategy that paid off though, was to get real people – like Trump fanatics or even the real media –to latch on to the stories and spread them to their own networks.” As the news gets spread the more views the fake news gets. Like advertising, more views results in more money. And unfortunately, most viewers most likely looked at the header without reading the content of the article, falling into the trap. 
	Most of these fake news articles are mostly spread on social media; some might even call it the main source for the spread of fake news. In Jonathan Albright’s article Welcome to the Era of Fake News mentions, “…thirdparty applications allow the rapid amplification of emotionally-charged messages across platforms such as Twitter. This strategic distortion of attention can hasten the spread of misinformation and the establishment of ‘alternative facts’.” The use of social media has created an environment of false information. Since, these articles quickly spread on these platforms and usually acts as clickbait, one has to consider whether or not these articles are truly harmful to viewer. However, even news reports on television aren’t even safe from fake news. In the article, “The Art of the Fake News Reel”, by Chris Markowski, mentions that “some reporters are reporting on the media itself instead of on real news.” These types of news are attention grabbers. Reporters know that they’ll get more views and attention, despite that there are other news that should be more important, than a bunch of Twitter posts from the government. If this news is able to show up on different platforms then the news is being spread and hyped up for other audiences. 
In addition to affecting viewers, fake news has also affected the artist world.  Some artists either take the concept of creating fake news sites as a way to get money and other artists will use the subject to create pieces for to spread the word on the current news. Depending on how the piece is portrayed, fake news art can cause fuss or can be received well. An article called “Fake News, Bad Art,” author Tausif Noor mentions that “individually, the works in alt-facts are inoffensive, mildly interesting or generally banal; some of them are well-conceived. … individual works...especially ones that imagines representing various instances of falsehood as equal to actively criticizing misrepresentation.” Depending on the viewers these pieces of art that focus on fake news can either be a guide to understanding the news or it could convince that the news is “correct”. Much like art fake news can be interpreted in different ways, depending on the viewer. 
