In the article, “Towards a Poetics of Artificial Superintelligence: Symbolic language can help us grasp the nature of power of 
what is coming, Nora N. Khan talks about ASI, an type of intellect that is so smart that it exceeds most human beings. However, 
the way ASI function makes it very difficult to understand, how it works and what it does.  She compares ASI as a form of alien 
life forms; since there’s so much that we don’t know about it. In addition, she describes AI as a form of poetic possibilities, 
while forming the outline for the future. Since AI, is a complicated subject, we have to create a form of language just to 
describe it. The language we use for AI is the language of ecstatic thinking, feelings, speaking, and forming. 
By using ASI as a concept, we can create a series of abstract images that may be a possibility of what ASI looks like. 
There’s no clear image of what ASI looks like, or what it will become when it does one day have physical form. 
We can only imagine what the outcome would be as we continue to use the concept of ASI and its metaphors in art forms. 

At first I thought the writer was talking about nonsense when I was reading the article. However, in some ways I can sort of 
understand where she’s coming from. ASI is very much unknown like AI. There is no clear way to see or describe AI. 
It’s been designed to help human life, but what it’s really doing to human being is still a mystery to us. Even though we 
programmed AI, we always assume that AI is going to take over the lives of humans, since it continues to grow and develop over 
time. No one completely knows what will happen to AI in the future.  We can only hope that the ASI will continue to behave the way 
it is at the moment. While reading this article I did found it a bit strange that the writer compared ASI to an alien or even a 
human child. I know there’s no image of what it looks like, but it was a little interesting seeing ASI like that. ASI could be a 
digital life form on our screen, hence why there’s no physical form. Since, AI seems to be helping our lives, perhaps it’s not too 
far-fetched to think that way. It can very well be a digital being that is capable of great knowledge. There’s just no way to 
figure it out at the moment, but I feel like ASI shouldn’t really defined. It causes us to think in various perspectives, which 
might die out if we do figure out what ASI really is.
