In the article, "Pretend to be a Bot, Rehumanized the Web" the author Clara Herrmann goes into detail about what it means
to be a bot on the web and how it is affect us as humans. She interviews a net artist named Sebastian Schmieg to help provide 
an insight to her topic. According to Sebastian, he mentions that one of his pieces requires the use of digital labor to act out as
thousands of online bots. Bots often have a one mind track, to produce simple content to lure people into the simplest of scams 
online. However, this tends to back fire a lot, because we tend to ignore these bots. He also mentions that bots, which are 
software extensions can be easily removed or replaced if it fails to get attention.

Aside from digital labor he also describes what lean platforms are and compares them to digital labor. Lean platforms provide the 
frameworks for workers, but the company doesn't directly hire them. They also do not provide for the workers with any sort of benefits.
Schmieg describes this service as 'extensions' or 'entrepreneur' for the business, which is a common practice in these types of
businesses. Finally, he talks about AI and what it means to him. According to Schmieg, he believes that Artificial Intelligence is a 
collective endeavor. He mentions that humans work together to make the system, and as the AI lives on we then become the extensions
to it, while competing for the better Ai system. In addition, Ai is a collaborative data collecting system; it is always going to be
improved on as the years continue. It's just very hard to predict where in the future is AI going to be superior over humans.

Artificial Intelligence is always going to be hard to understand. It's not necessarily a bad thing nor is it a good thing. I kind of
like how Schmieg tries to give both sides while relating it to his work. It certainly provides a different point of view, to the reader,
since he not only talks about the benefits of having it over the web, but where it stands now in the world. In addition, I like how
he talks about how AI and humans need each other to function properly, even if it was a short segment. Like Schmieg, I don't think
a lot of people know where AI is going. We definitely, need it in our lives, but how much we need it is the question. There's definitely
no clear answer to this, but it's not hard to see that AI will most likely run our lives, both online and outside the web.
