<br  /> The title of the article, “Ultra-Black: Towards a Materialist Theory of Oil” makes it seems like this whole article was going to be about our dependence on oil. However, half of the article kept talking about all these philosophical ideologies. There was so much philosophical jargon being thrown at us, it was easy to lose track. Half of these even sound made up and it feels like too much work to look up all these terms I do not understand. Finally in the last several paragraphs, it finally talks about oil and how we exploit it. I can see how all the philosophical talk can relate to our dependence on oil, however I think it was a bit too much.  
<br  /> At the end of the article, Oxana Timofeeva makes some interesting observations about oil. She wrote that slaves, workers, and oil are all exploited and that they are all oppressed. She also made some remarks about the color of oil. When she was little, she saw a spill of oil. When she saw it the color was really black to her. She made many comparisons to other things, such as the oil being blacker than death, the black market, slavery, etc. It is an interesting observation because it really shows how bad our war on oil really is and how much it really affects people lives, economies, politics, and countries. Since we have a materialistic dependency on it, it can affect those listed above at an even greater level.  
<br  /> The worker she mentioned at then is someone that is exploited and oppressed for their labor. But is the worker only the one that has to physically gather the oil? No. The soldiers who that fight overseas and risk their lives for the sake of oil are counted as “workers” as well. And there may be more of these “workers” as well that have a role in retrieving oil that are exploited as well. It all ties in when she quotes a novel by Julian Semyonov’s novel Seventeen Moments in Spring, “oil is the life-blood throbbing through the arteries of war.” Negarastani also makes a comparison between blood and oil by saying that the price we pay for oil is blood and how fossil fuels originate from decomposing material. As our war on oil continues, the people’s dependency on oil increases while the workers are also increasingly oppressed as well. 
	
