In the article, “Ultra-Black: Towards a Materialist Theory of Oil” author, Oxana Timofeeva goes into the philosophy of artists and 
material objects. She first describes the idea of nature and how it has changed over the years. The philosophy of nature is what 
she describes as the “pure idealism” of the material in our environment that surrounding us. She describes nature as a realm of 
inequality, unfreedom and in justice towards to us and the planet. In addition, she claims that it is uncanny and unhuman and 
unnatural.
Nature can be anything, from agential, objectical or hyperobjects. It can also be made from anything and have several different 
subjects in the piece. Most of these ‘nature’ objects often have some sort of symbolism to them. Aside from nature she also
mentions the concept of the world. The theory of the “world” is described with three different meaning. The first is
“the world-for-us” which I would describe it as a place for our needs and for other living creatures. Next is
“the world-in-itself” is basically the all of the stuff on the planet Earth. And finally, “the-world-without-us” which is
the idea of the world without life. However, there’s not true meaning to these terms and are treated as theories instead. 
These theories are used to describe the World in concept. It is also needed to describe the need to maintain a cosmic utopia
to conquer nature and the Great Outdoors as well.  We are destroying the planet by reducing all the sources for material objects. 

I wouldn’t say that the environment is indeed having some hard, but I won’t lie and say that everything is alright with the
world as well. Our natural sources are slowly being removed, there’s only so little we can do to help it. In some ways I can see
where the author wanted to say, but it gets a little philosophical as the reading progressed. How this topic has to do with
artists is beyond me, but think artist can have an advantage in making some very strong messages about the planet and nature.
There are a lot of artists that are environmentalist; they make pieces based on the environment or with the nature itself.
Actually, I think a lot of artists get their inspiration from their surrounds and nature. There’s always a piece dedicated to
protecting nature whenever I visit a museum or a gallery. Nature is indeed in danger. There’s only so much a person can do, but
creating pieces is surely enough to the attention of many.
