The Internet is full of uses and information that we may end up losing ourselves in it. We tend to get pulled in and distracted
by the use of social media, online gaming, online videos, online communication and just surfing the web on various different sites.
In the article "Identify Yourself" by Krystal South, she talks about the benefits to the Internet and her personal criticism for the 
several methods to use the Internet. She first describes that thanks to the Internet we have the ability to create another persona
that is public to the whole world, while we sit behind a screen, hiding our true identities. One example of this type of behavior
is the use of social media online. Sites like Facebook, Twitter and YouTube are places to interact with other users while you make 
a 'new' image of ourselves for people to see. Our 'new images' are pretty much a way to interact without people knowing who we
really are. In some cases the online persona is what many are known as when being talked about in public. I've seen a lot of this
when I go to special events. I don't know some artists by their first and last name; I know them by their usernames online. 
I feel like an online persona is a way to get your name out, but at the same time we get so attached to our usernames that we
forget about the real world and sometimes ourselves.

She then mentions how we get so attached to our phones and computers that the Internet has almost become an addiction for our minds.
With easy access to the Internet, we are capable of finding information in seconds, looking at artwork without leaving the room, 
even create and play without the use of the stuff around us. As a result, we end up relying on the computer more than we 
anticipated. It so easy to get lost and distracted online, that it does seem like an addiction we can't escape easily. At this time
I truly believe that we definitely can not live without the Internet and our devices that provide easy access to it. What doesn't
help is that even new features and content are constantly being created and added daily. However, I don't necessarily find this a 
bad thing. Yes, the Internet is completely open for all sorts of media and information, but in some ways I find it rather 
convenient to be able to access all of this stuff. It sort of gives us a sense of confidence being able to showcase our own stuff
and being able to talk to people easily. It is definitely and escape route from the toughness of society and I don't believe it 
will disappearing anytime.
