In the article, “Processing /Lampreys”, the author Yvette Granata makes the comparison of processing code to lampreys. 
At first they describe the images of lampreys as a way to see them without going to one in person. 
The first describe that using photography and Google image search to view a one perspective of the parasite. 
However, they also mentioned that just seeing an image doesn’t fully give the viewer a clear understanding of the 
other perspectives for the parasite.  When describing the lamprey it was mentioned that only the basic knowledge is shown. 
The parasites are known for their teeth and their ability to attach themselves to any living creating to survive.  
It is then compared to digital image processing in a coding program. 

In the next section, the writer mentions that coding in processing is very similar to lampreys. 
Like lampreys,  digital image processing needs coding  and data to work and survive.
In order for digital pictures to show up on screen, the coding needs to latch on to the data information and pixels of the photo. 
In addition, digital processing images also need to a specific type of file for the coding to work correctly. 
It is only when the image become very abstract and distorted is when it changes the perspective of the actual image. 

In some ways I can kind of understand what he was trying to describe. 
It is understandable as to why art has so many different concepts and viewpoints are needed for a piece, 
but I don’t think the comparison between the two concepts work well. I see images and coding as two separate objects. 
While, both are needed to produce art, there will always be different perspectives for each viewer. 
A photograph can have a literal meaning to it or it can say something completely different. Using the lamprey as an example, 
some may find the image as spectacular image of an underwater parasite while some may find it a little too bland and uninteresting. It also goes the same for digital processed art. 
I feel like there’s no right or wrong way to view art. It all depends on how it’s executed. 
However, I feel like digital image process has a bit more advantage to providing different perspectives. 
Since the images can be so abstract, it makes a person think more. Regardless, it’s all art in the end. 
Each piece can have different meanings and understandings for people. 
I think that’s what makes all forms of art unique in their own way.
