Low quality images have a personal connection with me. It’s what I started making before I knew how to make them high quality. 
I found them to be a learning curve, but to some it is still considered a piece of work. In the article “In Defense of the Poor 
Image”, author, Hito Steverl talks about how the low quality images and media is considered a visual idea, despite the image’s 
history. According to the author the low quality images or poor image, as he refers to it, is described as a rag, a rip or a 
downloaded, reformatted piece of digital media. These types of images are often discarded for better quality images. In fact, 
high quality images are the desired look for images, because our minds want to be able to believe that the images are real.  
However, according to Steyerl, he believes that better quality images are slowly becoming more ideal than what we see. 

In addition, he also mentions that we’ve become so reliant on rich images, that we adapt ourselves to forget older stuff because 
of the lack of quality. We simply judge images and films based on their aesthetics instead looking the quality in writing and 
meaning. We are so committed to the way something looks that we lose our ways to see history of past films and media. What doesn’t 
help is the way technology is developing better quality materials and improving the way some of these media industries work. 
Everything is now digital, an improvement over simple things like film for photos and movies. Steyerl mentions that these pieces 
of old media are records. It’s a way to help repeat our experiences and history by hanging on to these poor images. Like digital 
media these poor images can be used to share the media to others without the need to leave the place. 

Poor images also have the ability to record history on the film. It’s used a reference to see what can be refurbished in a future 
rendition of the same image. In addition, poor images can be considered to an imperfect piece of work. In most cases, I see it as 
a stepping stool for improvement. Poor images can be considered unfinished only because it’s concept for better things later on. 
It leaves a concept and a gateway for more ideas based on the stepping stool. Poor images are often discarded and forgotten, but 
they still leave an important part of media development in this day of age.

