In the video “John Berger / Ways of Seeing , Episode 1 (1972)” the host John Berger talks about perspective in paintings. 
According to him when someone looks at a painting it, our eyes tend to look at one meaning. In addition, the paintings we see 
will eventually, be images we are familiar with in our daily lives. What doesn’t help is that famous paintings and art are now 
being reproduced by different companies for money. As a result, we are fully exposed to the image without seeing it in its display 
area. Paintings are now shown through the screens of computers, postcards and other ways they are reproduced. The meanings of the 
paintings become so transparent to our eyes, because we have seen it so many times while not personally seeing it up close. They 
have instead become information, objects to use.

Berger argues the looking at the original pieces still have a different meaning and experience to them. He believes the each 
painting carries great details and provides a different perspective when seeing it up close and personal.  
The paintings can provide different meanings when looking at the brush strokes and in silence. Our eyes usually play 
tricks on us whenever we view something. It all depends on where the painting is shown and where what exactly is shown 
besides it. Paintings can make several different perspectives and meanings, depending on the viewer. It can be transmitted 
through time for many years. The images can be engraved into our minds because of its narrative and motion that the artist has 
implanted in the strokes.  

Art in itself is very subjective; almost everything can have its own meaning and narrative to it. Like Berger said it really 
depends on who’s looking at it and our knowledge of the piece. Meanwhile our experience of the piece all depends on its exposure 
to us in the form of reprints. However, reprinting does help transfer the image and information about the painting without 
actually making the person travel. As he describes it paintings have become transferable thanks to all the reprints and being 
able to see the work through technology. I don’t find anything wrong with the reprints, but I do agree that being exposed to 
the work in its rawest from definitely heightens the experiences of seeing it. Paintings these days are so easy to find now, 
that we sometimes forget its true meaning of the work. However, meanings and narratives can be decipher in many ways as long as 
we keep an open mind about it.

In the videos “Ways of Seeing”, John Berger talks about how artists have the ability to portray people and objects that can be 
valuable in episode three and talks about how art is represented in modern culture in episode four. 

In the third episode, Berger first talks about how the inventions of oil paintings have made artists have the ability to 
capture and portray a unprecedented degree in realism.  Paintings are first labeled as an object that can be bought or owned. 
There was little to no value to these paintings until paintings began to be painted with oil paints. The subtle colors of oil 
paintings and the softness of the blended colors create a form that was considered more realistic than past paintings. 
In addition, the way the artists pay attention to details was another reason why oil paintings are considered more realistic. 
However, there’s more to just details, colors and smoothness of the paintings. Many European oil painters capture a different 
kind concept of wealth, than wealth of Gods and upper class citizens. Many oil paintings capture buildings, objects, livestock 
and portraits first then the wealth later. These paintings represented power and worthiness of the upper class and were a way 
to record this moment of that person’s life. 

In episode four, Berger talks about how images in our environments have become unavoidable. Advertisements are a way to convinced
people to purchase products or even make them think differently about themselves. They are considered a source of envy for many
viewers and a way to gain publicity. In addition, sometimes paintings are used or mimicked for advertisements. They are used to
create a familiarity for many. He compares oil paintings to colorful photography, since the two mediums tend to capture realism
and to capture the wealth and power of the subject. However, in photography, it provides a picture of what were aspire to be,
instead of capturing a moment where we already own everything. As humans we scramble to gain that glamour that is shown in 
advertisements. 

I always found advertisements to be a tricky subject to tackle, mostly because it does portray the image we want to be. It’s a 
way to slowly manipulate us into thinking we need these products, thanks to the way it is presented to us. However, I do see 
where the comparison between ‘traditional’ styles and oil paintings. In both methods they carry out the dreams we want to have 
in the future, but at the same time each provide different ways to make us dream. Oil paintings provides a record of someone’s 
success, while advertisements provides the images of how to succeed.   

