Eyeo 2017 - Molly Wright Steenson

In Molly Wrights talk, she talks about a couple of things pertaining to the history and future of AI, cybernetics, and interconnectivity.
Also she includes what AI has to do with architecture. Her journey started 12 years ago with she discovered a passage from christopher alexander that states
"We must face the fact that we are on the brink of times when man may be able to magnify his intellectual and inventive capability,
just as in the nineteenth century he used machines to magnify his physical capacity. Again, as then, our innocence is lost. And again, 
of course, the innocence, once lost, cannot be regained. The loss demands attention, not denial."

In her talk she talks about three architechs Christopher Alexander, Cedric Price, and Nicholas Negroponte. With the use of AI and to improve it
the one most important thing is data, and she states that data will be the new oil. Oil was what jump started our industrial revolution and 
revamped us into a new era of technology we have never seen before. By using AI to aid our endevours in the future it could potentially jump start another
technological revolution pushing our technology hundreds of years into the future.
She talks about her favorite AI invention by Janel Shane who created an AI that gave names to different colors, with some very interesting names.
Steenson mentions Elon musk with a quote "Tech moguls declare an era of artifical intellgents." Saying that moguls are claming ownership of AI having their own agendas.
However, recently Elon musk has been very vocal about he dangers of AI and its imposed existential risk on the world. He fears of the potential 
risk of AI's going rogue and turning on humanity.

Steenson moves on to talk about her three achritechs, Christopher alexander who is a influenctial architect and design theorist, also he is a professor
emeritus at Berkely. His projects include over 100 buildings, software language, design books, and computer science. 
Cedric Price famous for saying "Maybe you dont need another house, maybe you need a divorce". He belonged to the RIBA and demolition of great britian.
He was not known for what he built, but more importantly what he designed, like cybernetic buildings, and models of distributed intellegence.
Cedric was best known for the fun palace in 1963-1970. Nicholas Negroponte, founded the MIT architechture machine group, was a group tinkerers working towards AI.

AI will inevitabily be in our everyday society of we want to improve as a species. We cannot evolve as a species faster than we AI's can, they will eventually have
to help us with improving the future. With our technology and with our knowledge. We also can use it in shaping the societys future from culture to architecture.



