In the video, "Eyeo 2017", speaker Molly Wright Steenson goes into details about the relationship between artificial intelligence 
and architecture. First she described artificial intelligence as nothing new in today's world, because it exists as cybernetics in
the past. Cybernetics were used to a form of network communication between systems. Some examples she gave were machine and animal
communications and politics as an example of cybernetics. In addition, she mentions that artificial intelligence always have an
agenda programmed in its data in order for it to be aware of its surroundings. As a result, many people claim to believe that
artificial intelligence is slowing taking over the human lives, while making life easier.

With architecture and artificial intelligence, she mentions that the artificial intelligence helped create design problems for many
artists and technicians. In order to resolve these design problems, a system called a pattern language. The pattern language
features a problem that reoccurs and a solid solution to that problem without repeating itself. In addition, the pattern language
is a form of network, which has to relate to the problem and solutions. Language systems are a way architects and artists can be
used to resolved problems, however they require the interaction between human and machines in order to make anything possible in
the world. 

The idea of artificial intelligence is always a topic that not a lot of people know of. Like she mentioned the most common form of
A.I. are machine-related technologies that are given the ability to think and command on their own. Honestly, that was what I
thought of when she mentioned artificial intelligence. I usually hear that word used for robots or programmed characters in video
games, but Steenson proved that A.I. is more than just machines. I never realized that A.I. can be used for more than just
machines, but for stuff like architecture, data mapping and data collecting. From the sound of it, A.I. sounds like it can be
anything from mapping, data, programming, networking, and so forth.  It almost sounds like there is no direct definition for
artificial intelligence, but it can use in almost everything.  

I found it interesting when she mentioned all the stuff we can used A.I. for, but it requires us to help program and create the
artificial intelligence in the first place. Without us, the A.I. won’t be able to function properly. In some ways, I kind of agree,
only because we created artificial life, and we have to make it function. We do need to make A.I. work, hence why I like her quote
that mentions A.I. is changing the world, but not without our help.
